c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Main.resources
c:\users\gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Login.resources
C:\Users\Gon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhanVien.resources
C:\Users\Gon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKIem_NhanVien.resources
C:\Users\Gon\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKiem_KhachHang.resources
C:\Users\Gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
C:\Users\Gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.dll
C:\Users\Gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
C:\Users\Gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.pdb
C:\Users\Gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
C:\Users\Gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
C:\Users\Gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_KhachHang.resources
C:\Users\Gon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_HoaDon.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.dll
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.pdb
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_MatHang.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhaCungCap.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_HoaDon.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Main.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_KhachHang.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Login.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhanVien.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKiem_KhachHang.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKIem_NhanVien.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\C#\Projects\QuanLiBanHangSIeuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.dll
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_MatHang.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhaCungCap.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_HoaDon.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Main.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_KhachHang.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Login.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhanVien.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKiem_KhachHang.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKIem_NhanVien.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Downloads\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.dll
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_MatHang.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhaCungCap.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_HoaDon.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Main.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_KhachHang.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Login.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhanVien.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKiem_KhachHang.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKIem_NhanVien.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\MienAnh\Documents\GitHub\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.dll
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO-Model.pdb
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_MatHang.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhaCungCap.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_HoaDon.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Main.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_KhachHang.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_Login.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_NhanVien.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKiem_KhachHang.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Form_TImKIem_NhanVien.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mkcuong\Documents\GitHub\TTNhom\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\QuanLiBanHangSieuThi\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
